## About Me
I am AJ. I have 10+ years of Software Development Experience (Canadian + Filipino). This project is my lifetime hobby project. Based on industrial experience some ideas come out of my mind. Since my last company is a cyber security company, my intuitive thinking about data is security first specially the sensitive personal data like government id, banking info, passwords. And sometimes our in lives we need to keep track and monitor of these data, including health & finance, we want to eventually log store them and keep them in one place. One thing about me is, I love story telling. and I love pokemon creatures, non-fictional movie like Lord of the Rings. So to hype up this project, I name my project based from mythical creatures that I have in mind. 1st creature is a man that transform into a big colossal Titanic gargantuan tree that grow logs everyday since its a plant. it gets stronger when it learns life experiences or factor. for now, personal logs, health logs, financial logs. I named this creature Life Log Man ("Life Logging Management"). In the product perspective, it has templates for different logs of life like notes, health, money. 2nd creature is a dragon that transform its body into Polygon mineral crystals that is stronger than metals. that is color black just like night-fury from How to Train your dragon. it has a midnight blue eyes that can scan anything onsight in darkness. it's wings can serve into shield if someone attacks it. it's fishtail is color burgundy. 
In fashion, a "fishtail" refers to a dress or skirt silhouette that is fitted through the hips and knees before dramatically flaring out at the hem, resembling a mermaid or fish tail. "Burgundy" is the color, a deep red, and when combined with the fishtail design, creates a glamorous, elegant, and sometimes dramatic effect. While the color burgundy adds to the **sophisticated** and bold nature of the style, the fishtail is the defining feature of the garment's cut and shape. fishtail also resembles balance when it is in flight. it's name is Stealthagon. Final mythical creature is a genie just like in Aladdin it listens to you and that grants 3 wishes, but this one is not just 3wishes to grant and grants many wishes. it's a very intelligent creature.